# 0wl P0etry

Project started in 2020 during covid lockdown. It is a simple natural language generator based on AI generator F0x.
AI F0x used advanced natural language processing techniques to analyze existing text and generate new text that is similar in style and content. 
0wl generator is trained to write in a specific style or tone, making it highly versatile art tool for generating poetry. 

0wl text generators work by using advanced natural language processing techniques to analyze existing text and generate new text that is similar in style and content. This involved training a language model on a large dataset of text from books. The language model is then able to generate new text by predicting the next word or phrase in a sequence of words, based on the patterns it has learned from the training data.

0wl is provided with a “seed” of text, which is a small amount of input text that the model can use to start generating new text. The model then uses this seed text to generate the next word or phrase in the sequence, and then uses that output to generate the next word or phrase, and so on. As the model continues to generate new text, it can produce highly coherent and fluent sentences and paragraphs that are similar in style and content to the training data.

One of the key challenges in developing any AI text generators is ensuring that the generated text is of high quality and is free of errors or inconsistencies. 0wl is designed with a different idea in mind. Art doesn't necessarily makes sense (aka 'I could do that' argument) and why should AI be able to generate text that is grammatically correct, makes sense in the context of the input text, and is coherent and fluent?

To achieve this, I repurposed AI text generated by F0x in 2017. Tokenization of words that lack representational meaning, spell checking, grammar checking, and context-aware generation, to ensure that the generated text is non sensical and absurd.

You can read generated chapter from F0x in a book "Fragmentation of the Photographic Image in the Digital Age", 
--- LINK --- https://www.routledge.com/Fragmentation-of-the-Photographic-Image-in-the-Digital-Age/Rubinstein/p/book/9781138493490
